docs: Document deployment for Docker (#44)
aquasecurity/harbor-scanner-aqua: README.md

## Deployment

Harbor can be [installed as a Docker service][harbor-docs-installer] or deployed with [high availability via Helm][harbor-docs-helm].
This section describes how to perform a new installation of the adapter service in both cases.

> Technically it's also possible to deploy Harbor with Docker and Aqua CSP on Kubernetes, and you should be able to figure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to deploy Harbor with Docker (outside the Kubernetes environment) to work with Aqua CSP on Kubernetes, and you should be able to figure
```

is this clarification accurate?

Author: Yes. This is what I meant. Thanks!
